week2 project


**Vulnerability 1 & mitigation**

 -A7 - Identification and Authentication Failures
```
  mydb = mysql.connector.connect(
        host="mysqldb",
        user="root",
        password="p@ssw0rd1",
		    database="assignment"
    )
```
Problem arises because there are some hard-coded credentials. We have the same problem on multiple places in the code.
Instead of hard-coding the variables we can call them from a different file.

**Vulnerability 2 & mitigation**

 A1 - Broken Access Control
 ```
 app = Flask(__name__)
 ```
 Problem arises because there is CSRF protection issue.
 To solve the issue we just need that two simple lines.
 ```
app = Flask(__name__)
csrf = CSRFProtect()
csrf.init_app(app) 
```
**Vulnerability 3 & mitigation**

 A4 - Insecure Design and  A5 - Security Misconfiguration
 `response.set_cookie('session_id', token)`
If the cookie is not protected with secure attiribute, it may cause the cookie get observed by an unauthorized person.
To solve this we can add a secure flag;
```
response.set_cookie('session_id', token, secure=True)
```

**Vulnerability 4 & mitigation**

 A2 - Cryptographic Failures
 Hashing the data with md5 method is not secure anymore. We can use a better hashig method.
 `m = hashlib.md5(key.encode('utf-8'))`
 instead of above
 `m = hashlib.sha512()` 
 
**Vulnerability 5 & mitigation**

A5 - Security Misconfiguration
 `response.set_cookie('session_id', token)`
 Without setting to HttpOnly flag to True we cant guarantee that no client-side script will able to read it.
 `response.set_cookie('session_id', token, httponly=True)`

**Vulnerability 6 & mitigation**

A3- Injection
Entered URL : localhost:8000/login/'-/'

`statement = "SELECT username,password from users where username = '"+username+"' and password='"+password+"'"`
When we set to username '- and password ' the values received by the app is like this  username '\'-'  , password '\'' and app fetches all the result from database to us. 
Final form of statement : `'SELECT username,password from users where username = \'\'-\' and password=\'\'\''`

Instead of writing raw SQL we can use an API or ORM like tools to solve this issue. 

